README.md, before:

# Previz Camera Tools
       (a proof of concept script)
Previz Camera Tool sets up the Video Editor to control the camera selection in the 3D View on frame updates. Which makes it possible to edit the clip timings on the same screen and at the same time as editing cameras and everything else in the 3D Viewport.

# Run the script
 1. Run the script in the text-editor.
 2. Find the functions in the bottom of the right-hand-side
    properties menu of the 3D View.

# Functions
 "Walk Navigation" (native Blender function) will give f.p.s. 
 camera control. Shortcuts: q,w,e,a,s,d
 
 "Add Camera to View" by Rockbard will turn the view port
 into a camera. Shortcut: Ctrl+Shift+Num_0
 
 "Cycle Cameras" by CoDEmanX will cycle between cameras. 
 Shortcuts: Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right arrow.
      
 "Add Camera to Sequencer" will add a scene strip
 in the Sequencer with the current camera starting from the
 current frame.

 "Link Sequencer to 3D View" will link the 
 framenumber and switch cameras in the 3D View. So playing 
 the sequencer will play the sequence in the 3D View. So 
 the camera work of the 3d scene can be edited instantly. 

# NB. 
 - Jitter in the Sequencer playback means hit "Refresh Sequencer" button. 
 - Only scene strips are supported in the sequencer. 
 - And only cameras from the current scene can be shown in 3d View. 
   (This is a limitation of Blender. There is only one scene pr. 
   Screen) 

# Ideas for more functions 
   Checkbox: Add camera to sequencer strip from current frame(y/n)
   Buttons(two): Set in and out points 

# API trouble
   Checkbox: Select Strip = Select Camera & update 3D View(missing function detect new strip selected?) 
   Suggest API feature to access local scenes in Sequencer


# Video on YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4eQrns5KpQ

Commit message:

Added current camera function and rename it

README.md, after:

# Previz Camera Tools

Previz Camera Tools sets up the Video Editor to control the camera view selection in the 3D View on frame updates. Which makes it possible to edit the clip timings(on sequencer on the same screen and at the same time as editing cameras and everything else in the 3D Viewport.

# Run the script
 1. Run the script in the text-editor.
 2. Find the functions in the bottom of the right-hand-side
    properties menu of the 3D View.

# Functions
 "Walk Navigation" (native Blender function) will give f.p.s. 
 camera control. Shortcuts: q,w,e,a,s,d
 
 "Add Camera to View" by Rockbard will turn the view port
 into a camera. Shortcut: Ctrl+Shift+Num_0
 
 "Cycle Cameras" by CoDEmanX will cycle between cameras. 
 Shortcuts: Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right arrow.
 
 "Camera Renamer" shows current camera and allows to rename it.
      
 "Add Camera to Sequencer" will add a scene strip
 in the Sequencer with the current camera starting from the
 current frame.

 "Link Sequencer to 3D View" will link the 
 framenumber and switch cameras in the 3D View. So playing 
 the sequencer will play the sequence in the 3D View. So 
 the camera work of the 3d scene can be edited instantly. 

# Troubleshooting 
 - Jitter in the Sequencer playback means hit "Refresh Sequencer" button. 
 - Only scene strips are supported for previw in the 3D View. 
 - And only cameras from the current scene can be shown in 3d View. 
   (This is a limitation of Blender. There is only one scene pr. 
   Screen) 

# Ideas for more functions(currently out of my coding skills) 
 - Set Focal Length
 - Buttons(two): Set in and out points 
 - Checkbox: Select Strip/Seq cam updated = Select Camera & update 3D View 

# API trouble
 - Suggest API feature to access local scenes in Sequencer


# Video on YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4eQrns5KpQ
